Rendering label text (#4579)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

  generated, the better the labeling will be - but at a cost of rendering
  speed. Smaller number of candidates results in less labels placed but faster
  redraws.
* :guilabel:`Text rendering`|selectString| : controls whether text labels are

>   drawn (and exported) as either proper text objects (:guilabel:`Always Render Labels as Text`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  drawn (and exported) as either proper text objects
  (:guilabel:`Always Render Labels as Text`)
```

Reviewer: The line is a bit long.

>   drawn (and exported) as either proper text objects (:guilabel:`Always Render Labels as Text`)

Reviewer 2: @nyalldawson is this setting used for exporting? And where? I can see that the print layout has its own setting, the save map as pdf also does. What's then the use case of the "text rendering" in the placement engine?

Reviewer 3: Hm, I guess it predated the option for "save map as pdf" to control this setting. But in any case, it acts as the default value for this setting for the project...

  OR as paths only (:guilabel:`Always Render Labels as Paths (recommended)`). 
  If they are exported as text objects then they can be edited
  in external applications (e.g. Inkscape) as normal text. BUT the side effect is that

>   the rendering quality is decreased, AND there's issues with rendering when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the rendering quality is decreased, and there are issues with rendering when
```

  certain text settings like buffers are in place. That's why rendering as paths

>   is recommended. Note that when :ref:`exporting a layout to svg <export_layout_svg>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is recommended. Note that when :ref:`exporting a layout to svg <export_layout_svg>`,
```

>   there's actually an override for this setting - so you can leave the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  there's an override for this setting.
  So you can have `Always Render Labels as Paths` for the project, and choose 
```

>   rendering as paths but for a :file:`.svg` export export the labels as text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Always Render Labels as Text` for :file:`.svg` export.
```
